Rubbish

1: (n) rubbish, trash, scrap (worthless material that is to be disposed of)
2: (n) folderol, rubbish, tripe, trumpery, trash, wish-wash, applesauce, codswallop (nonsensical talk or writing)

1

There was a thick film of dust on every exposed surface; rubbish and the carcass of some small animal had liecn swept carelessly into a corner.
"There's nothing under here except a large amount of mineral salts and other rubbish that's no use to us.
I dropped the satin rubbish on the floor, because it could only hamper me.
Like a man possessed he hurried around the room, tumbling rubbish and papers into piles and igniting them with his pocket lighter.
Rubbish and offal filled the corners.
A rock crashed off the rearview window and for an instant a hail of rubbish banged and clattered.
I've got a small flashlight and we grope through a pile of rubbish, out into a corridor.
He was hungry now as he walked through the alley, his eyes shifting lusterlessly from one heap of rubbish to the next.
Cold morning wind whipped around the rubbish that littered the deserted inter-system field at the rim of the syndrome.
They adjourned with an order strictly forbidding suburbanite burning of rubbish.
But your clothes have been cleaned off the field along with all the rubbish of our shriek; the officials are already preparing for the next one."
Overgrown with trees and smothering in its own dust, it was hardly more than a centuries-old rubbish heap now.
And the winds swept away from the picture the rubbish, the shovel and many of the objects.
The garbage collector passed slowly along it every hour, collecting all the rubbish that chanced to be there.
I put everything down and poked assiduously in the rubbish in back with the broomstick handle and even lit a fire with some of the litter I found outside, thrusting burning stuff into the back of the cave in several places.
I scrambled up the slope outside, trying not to touch anything in the rubbish.
The intense, yellow-white light stared pitilessly down on a gently swelling floor of seawater, out of which rose, to the right of where the plane sat in the shallows, a derelict pile of rubbish reaching roughly a third of the way to the roof.
The most important precaution is to remove and reduce trash and rubbish from your property,
Don't bury rubbish like cans, plastic bottles or broken glass. It is often dug out by native animals and may harm them.
The mice had their own society, using rubbish thrown away by humans.
Because of this, in 1532 a Stannary Court decree ordained that all rubbish should be deposited in old Hatches, Tipittes, miry Places, or other convenient Places away from the main streams. 
Today the old nir looks half-abandoned and out of place in its current setting, with broken down cars parked haphazardly and rubbish lying around. 
The fine or punishment is normally defined by the local council that operates in the local area that the rubbish was dumped in. 
Around four fifths of oceanic debris is from rubbish blown onto the water from landfills, and urban runoff. 
Moreover, with recent increases in tourism on the island, new sources of hard rubbish have begun to appear.
The streets were filled with rubbish after the weekend festival
Please take out the rubbish before it starts to stink or smell in the kitchen 
The workers gathered and collected bags of rubbish from the park cleanup event
After the festival ended, volunteers spent three hours hauling rubbish from the park grounds into rented dumpsters.
The tenants were fined by the housing authority for leaving rubbish in the stairwell, blocking the fire exit.
A single piece of rubbish tossed from a boat can entangle marine wildlife for months before it finally sinks.
After the flood, workers removed soaked rubbish from every basement.
The landlord warned tenants not to leave rubbish in the hallway.
Street sweepers collect rubbish at dawn before traffic starts.
The workers collected all the rubbish from the construction site before leaving.
She threw the broken glass and plastic into the rubbish bin.
I work in restaurant and on nigh shift I should gather all rubbish and throw them on dumpster 
every day we must make trash of cans out of trash because accumulation of rubbish would be cause of contamination 
Waste management is one of the most hardest things to do, rubbish could be hazardous and cause of damage
The cleanup crew spent hours removing all the rubbish that had accumulated in the alleyway behind the restaurant.
Before moving out of the apartment, they threw away three large garbage bags full of old papers and other rubbish.
The city implemented a new recycling program to reduce the amount of rubbish ending up in local landfills.

2

Wendy wouldn't be sucked in by a load of specious rubbish spouted by a cracked demagogue hungry for martyrdom.
"Oh, let's Stop talking rubbish," she cried.
There Is an awful lot of rubbish published.
"You talk rubbish, old man," the young man said, but he sounded uneasy.
"You believed all that rubbish you told Tylo about what the Federation really wants, didn't you?"
The words, the history books, the ideas, the science -- Underhill could sense all that in his own mind, reflected back from Captain Wow's mind, as so much rubbish.
What kind of rubbish have you been reading?"
I'm talking sense and rubbish at the same time.
Good riddance to childish rubbish.
Now there's been so much rubbish written about how Ben's vaccine is either the world's worst disaster or else its greatest hope that I thought I'd wind this up by telling what really happened down here.
"Your confession is the biggest pile of rubbish I've read in my life.
All he did was mutter, 'That golden shape on the golden steps, that music, that me is a true me, that golden shape, that golden shape, I want to be with that golden shape,' and rubbish like that.
"She's talking rubbish," I said, but already a few voices in the crowd shouted that she was merely spreading rumor.
To Colonel Smith's question about the possibility of an "overkill" if such and such size bomb dropped on such and such enemy city the answer came back, "Rubbish.
Our sense of humour and perception of what's good and what's rubbish are uncommonly in tune. 
She criticised stories in the magazine as absolute rubbish and ridiculously alarmist.
Using his Twitter account, he derided the language as being an old, unadaptive language with relatively few words for things and Gaelic poetry as basically doggerel and and mainly a bit of rubbish. 
She described the psychoanalyzing of dogs as a lot of rubbish.
After the performance he declared'' Such rubbish should never have been written''
But this new book is wretched; a high-varnished preface to a heap of rubbish, in a very vulgar style, and too void of method even for such a farrago. 
I am not going to write any more of that bloody rubbish with those idiots.
However, its production at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City in 1890 inspired dismal reviews, with one spectator commenting that its music was simply rubbish. 
Judge Hlophe was reported to have rejected the allegations as utter rubbish and as another ploy to damage his reputation.
In October 2007, Bald expressed a desire to leave Celtic stating I don't want to be at a club where I am not wanted, but I want to make clear it is rubbish to say I am just taking the money.
Intelligent design should be viewed as a ground-clearing operation that gets rid of the intellectual rubbish that for generations has kept Christianity from receiving serious consideration.
The reviewer called the movie absolute rubbish and gave it half a star
His argument was dismissed as rubbish because it lacked any concrete evidence
I cannot believe you spent money on the rubbish gadget; it barely works.
The professor dismissed the student's conspiracy-laden essay as utter rubbish and told him to rewrite it with credible sources.
My grandfather always said that horoscopes were rubbish, yet he still read his every morning with his coffee.
The candidate's economic plan sounded impressive at first, but most analysts quickly called it rubbish once they examined the underlying assumptions.
Voters called the politician's excuse complete rubbish.
The CEO's explanation for the layoffs was absolute rubbish.
The documentary was filled with historical rubbish that no serious scholar would accept.
His explanation was complete rubbish and made no sense at all.
Stop talking rubbish and focus on the actual problem.
The article was criticized for spreading scientific rubbish
Sometimes news reporter talk Rubbish, and the words do not make any sense to me
Communications skills are so important because Our listener can interpret it as rubbish words 
Sometimes when I study physics to is extremely rubbish and I need to read it multiple times
The critic dismissed the highly anticipated movie as absolute rubbish, stating the plot made no sense.
Anyone claiming they can predict the stock market with perfect accuracy is talking complete rubbish.
She refused to listen to his explanation saying his excuses were nothing but rubbish.